Gestating Entry

1.) Create a Page View for mobile screen
- user corporate blue color theme

Top Section
1.) fixed; should not move when screen is scrolled 
2.) these elements are inline 
- left arrow button for viewing previous entry
- pid and (sow love icon boar name); this should be center
- right arrow button for viewing next entry
3.)Tab names for
- Insem
- Birth
- Status
- Notes



Tabs section
- use form groups in the fields.

Insem Tab
---------
1.) Read only Sow Name
2.) Date Mating input
Warning info text if Date Mating  is changed

3.) Read only Insemination Type 

if insemination type is Boar Mating:
4.) Select boar drop down

if insemination type is artifical insemination
4.) select dropdown for semen supplier
5.) select dropdown for semen type
6.) text input for semen cost

7.) text input for other cost

8.) Notes with a char counter

9.) select drop down for staff

10.) button for Save changes


Birth Tab
---------
Warning info text if Date Actual Birth is set. The warning text should read liek this:
Setting the Date Actual Birth will update the production
entry from Gestating status to Lactating Status and will be
remove from Production Gestating List. Will be put in Production 
Lactating List.


1.) Read only for Date Expected Birth
2.) Date input for Date Actual Birth
The actual number of days is computed from date insemination to 
date actual birth.
3.) numeric input for Number of female piglets
4.) numeric input for Number of male piglets
5.) numeric input for Number of stillbirth piglets

6.) select birth staff with and input grup for new 
staff if staff not in the list.

7.) button for Save changes


Status tab
---------
Warning text that read like this:
This is used in abnormal cases of hog gestation. 
Updating the production status to any of the status 
below will remove this entry from the production list 
and will be visible only in reports. <b>This cannot be undone.</b>

1.) date input for Date Status

2.) radio for 'Sow not pregnant. Sow reheat.'
text title: Just try again.

3.) radio for 'Sow is Sold or Dead.'
text title: Sow will also be removed from sow list.

4.) radio for 'No Live piglets'
text title: Sow has given birth all mummified/dead piglets. 


5.) button for Save changes


Notes tab
---------

Note Add Section
1.) Date Notes input
2.) Notes text area
3.) Save button

Notes Table section
1.) plain table with these columns
- Date
- Notes 
- Last Update By

fix this:
1.) the PID is just a 5 character number.
2.) Sow name love icon Boar Name. use a love icon.
3.) The PID and the Sow love Icon boar Name should be in line

4.) make the insemination Type not read nly but a select input

5.) For the number of piglets, there should be some plus/minus buttons
input group to adjust the number of piglets

6.) make the arrow icons bigger


Modify the HTML such that

1.) Add the fix top minimum navigation back. There is a top navigation div that 
will not move when screen is scrolled down. The whole content should be below 
this top navigation. Just put minimum elements in the top navigation.
 
The top-section should not move when scrolled. only the tab contents 
should move when scrolled.
                                    
									
									
									
3 tabs  + 1 dropdown tab
1.) Create a Page View for mobile screen
- user corporate blue color theme

Top Section
1.) fixed; should not move when screen is scrolled down.
2.) add 4 Divs in line.
3.) The first 3 divs should open a tab div.
4.) The last Div is a Show More Control.
When clicked, it should dropdown 3 to 5 menus.
5. When this menu is clicked it should show another tab.

Example
Tab 1: Pig Ops - should show a table of scheduled pig operations
Tab 2: Birth - view to update birth info
Tab 3: Wean - view to update wean info
Tab 4: Show More (use minimum codes in the show More contents) 
- Feeds
- Notes - 
- Dead Piglets
- Insem


Fix this.
1.) remove the icons
2.) when clicking on menu on the 'show more'
it should hide the menu drop down

The scheduled operations should only be 3 columns because of limited space limited space in mobile.
1.) Date in short Month date format. There should be a glowing red dot if operations 
is not done and already due.  
2.) Operation name. There should be a visual clue if the operation is for the sow.
No visual clue if the operation for the piglets.
3.) Done By. Staff name and date when it was done in Month date format.

 
Fix the following

In the scheduled pig operations
1.) remove the counters for scheduled, in progress completed
2.) put a control for (Sow only, Piglets Only or All operations)
3.) Put a control for (Hide Completed)

Fix the following:
1.) remove the 'Show:'
2.) Put the "All" "Sow" "Piglets" buttons in one line no gap.
This should be cenetered when in mobile screens

3.) The "Hide Completed should also be centered.

fix the following:
1.) Modify the Done By cell such that
if already Done
 two divs side by side;
 left div -check mark icon or image; to visualy indicate completed
 right div - contains Staff Name and full date like 'Jan 23 2026'

if not yet Done: should be just empty cell.



