Create a two line top navigation for a Pig Farm management system 

1.) The product name is PiggyProd
2.) The Company name is J Systems Development
3.) use corporate blue theme
4.) Optimized for mobile experience
5.) The CSS must be readily exportable to a separate file for minimization later
6.) Use bigger fonts for the menu
7.) Put some icons in the navigation links
8.) The Company Logo is just a blue circle with a big white letter J.

The first line
- left side: Company Logo and product name
- center: client Pig Farm Name. the center should be dynamically calculated based 
on screen size
- right side: alerts and User Control

Second line: one special button + drop down menus  

Special button name: Summary
- Generates a PDF report of the whole pig farm operetion

The nav link should contain the following subnavigation
1.) Settings
	- Ops Settings 
	- Gestating Ops (syringe icon)
 	- Lactating Piglets Ops(syringe icon)
	- Lactating Sow Ops(syringe icon)
	- Gilts Sow Ops(syringe icon)
	
2.) Sow Boar Gilt (Pig Icon)
	- Sows (female venus icon)
	- Gilts (female venus icon)
	- Boars  (male mars icon)
	
3.) Production
	- Prod Gestating
	- Prod Lactating Piglets
	- Prod Lactating Sows
	- Fattening
	- Feeds

4.) Operations
	- Pig Harvests
	- Reports
	- Feed Calculator

5.) Financials
	- Feeds Expenses
	- Non Feeds Expenses
	- Sales
	
6.) Account Lists
	- Staff
	- Pig Buyers
	- Feed Suppliers
	- Semen Suppliers
	- Gilt Suppliers
	
	
7.) Admin
	- Users
	- User Request

Show alert sample when alert button is clicked in both mobile and desktop
1.) vaccination due for piglets, pigs or sows
2.) Feeds for production entry  almost depleted
3.) Upcoming pig birth
4.) Sow Birth checklist alert
5.) missed feed inventory entry
6.) pig health issue reported
7.) 

There should be visual category for alerts
1.) critical
2.) warning
3.) info



The Landing Dash board should contain the following  cards
1.) Number of gestating sows, lactating sows, number of gilts, number of boars
2.) Number of production piglets
3.) number of fattening pigs
4.) Feeds left  






When viewed from mobile 
1.) Put the burger on the left side
2.) add an alert icon that can display number of alerts near the user icon
use a golden color alert bell icon
3.) put the company logo and Product Name near the burger
4.) Put a Pig Farm Name section below the company name when the burger is open
5.) the main content should be scrollable and the top div will not move
6.) The burger button when open should display a fix div with the top navigation.  
7.) The burger menu should occupy whole screen when opened in mobile.
8.) The subnavigation should be all visible not collapsed.

Footer section
- About Us
- Contact Us
- Social Media sharing 



User control should have these sections
The user avatar should be Initials of the User name
- My Account
- Billing
- Logout
- There is also a separate alert in the user control 
when a new bill arrive for the account 


Fix the following
1.) The menu drop down did not work. no drop downs when viewed from desktop.
2.) The burger menu should have a close button. 
3.) 



Fix the following
1.) The menu drop down did not work in deskktop view . no drop downs when viewed from desktop.
2.) When in mobile view, the alerts should be visible. very important.
Should be put at the left side of User Control
3.) When opening the burger button, the alerts should be at the top navigation
inline with the  Product name.
4.) The burger close buton, should be at the second line, in line
with the Client Farm name 
 

Fix the following
1.) Remove the double user control when viewed from mobile.
2.) The alerts should be at the left side of user control. when viewed from mobile
3.) The close button of the burger menu should be in line with the Farm name. 
second line of the burger menu

Fix the following
1.) Put the user control when viewed from mobile. Just 1 user control.
2.) The Dektop menus on hover still did not work.


Fix the following
1.) Remove the scroll bars in the second line of the menu when viewed from Desktop
2.) Rename the Operations Settings to just Settings
3.) Rename Settings submenu to Ops Settings
3.) Use colored Icons for visual appeal

Fix the following
1.) The Gestating Ops, Lactating Piglets Ops, Lactating Sow Ops and Gilt Ops should
have same Syringe icon

2.) Change the Gilt Sow Ops to Gilt Ops

3.) Sows and Gilts should have female venus symbols

4.) Prod Lactating Piglets and Prod Lactating Sow should have a milk bottle icon

5.)Fattening should have  a standing pig icon

6.) Feeds should be a sack of feed icon 

7.) Pig harvest should have two pigs icon

8.)  Sow Boar Gilt should be a Pig icon



Create a Div Card that can stacked in a container with the following fields

1.) Name
2.) Description
3.) Day Number

4.) Optional Last update date 

must be optimize when viewing from mobile

no margin between divs
no rounded curves for div corners

-use the corporate blue colors 
- must show a bootstrap modal when an edit button is touch in the card
- the edit modal should contain a delete button of the card

The Edit Button should be just  a Edit Icon 
at the right top of the card to save space
and  big enough that can be touch finger in mobile screen.

Remove the Coporate card System.
Just the add button and cards.
remove the filters.
remove the "remove Last"
The add card should be renamed "Add New Pig Operation"


Use this sample data or similar:

{
	"num_days_since": 3,
	"version_num": 1,
	"operation_type": 2,
	"name": "Cut Teeth",
	"short_name": "Cut TT",
	"desc": "Cut Teeth and Tail",
	"hid": "1K7D9J"
}


The add New Pig Operation should also show a bootstrap modal.
Do not show the version_num, type and HID in the card.
This content format should be viewable if is the screen is mobile.

When the screen is bigger, it should display in tabular format.

When displayed in tabular format. Only these fields should show up
- Day Number
- Name
- Short Name
- Description
- Last Update By
- Last Updated

the name and short name should in line in the card.
 The last update User and Time should also be in line.

the card should have no left and right side padding; 
no right side and left side border line.
Only Top and bottom border line for the card. 

If viewed from mobile,
1.) Add an info box below the header for the page decription 
2.) The last update User and Time should also be in one line.
3.) make the days badge has rounded corners
4.) make the short name has rounded corners 




