

Create a Div Card that can be stacked in a container when viewed from mobile.
-must be optimize when viewing from mobile
-use the corporate blue colors and appealing visual colors


Section: Header
1.) Inline PID and Sow Name love icon Boar Name.
The boar name should have a visual indicator if artificial insemination.
The header section color should vary according to these operation types: 
gestating, lactating piglets, lactating sow

Section: Important Dates
if operation type is gestating
1.) Expected Date of Birth and the day count today since mating.

if operation type is lactating piglets or lactating sow
1.) Expected Date Wean and the day count today since birth.

Section: piglet count
This section will should up only if lactating piglets or lactating sow
1.) should show number of male piglets, female piglets and number of dead piglets 


Section: Pig operations 
1.) This is a list of
- Date Operation
- Operation Name
- description
2.) Add a visual indicator if operation already done

3.)There should be a visual indicator that the Pig Operation is already due or not yet done.  


Section: control
- Update button or control 

Fix the following
viewed only from  mobile. Make the layout compact.



1.) Remove the page header
2.) Add  a search function at the top and Add Entry button. 
Do not put a code in the add entry button. 

 
3.) The PID is just a 5 digit integer.
4.) The PID, Sow love Boar and Artificial insemination indicator icon should be in one line.side by side.

4.) Remove the section title "Important Dates".
5.) The Expected Date birth" and "Days since Mating" should be in one line. side by side.

6.) Remove the section title "Pig Operations"
7.) The pig operations list is in descending date order
8.) Each of the pig operation, the date and the operation name, alert/done icon  should be in line side by side.
9.) When operation is already done, should just use the Checkmark icon.
10.) When operation is due, should just use the golden Bell icon.
11.) If operation is not yet done, No icon. 

11.) Remove the section title  "Piglet Count".
12.) The number of male, female and Dead piglets should be in one line. side by side.

13.) remove the card features
 

Fix the following
1.) Put the pig operation description below the pig operation date and name line.
2.) The golden bell icon should have an animated ring or blink 


Fix the following
1.) show a hustling running motorbike or a running horse animation
beside the "expected date of birth" when the expected date of birth is near.
 
Fix the following
1.) In the PID, sow love boar line, add an icon in the right most side 
indicating a completed preparation checklist for coming pig birth.

Fix the following
1.) In the pig counter section, add another counter for "StillBirth".
This counter should be after Male, Female.
  
